docs/index.md, before:

# Mappers

[![azure-devops-builds](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/proofit404/mappers/1?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/proofit404/mappers/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master)
[![azure-devops-coverage](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/coverage/proofit404/mappers/1?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/proofit404/mappers/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master)
[![pypi](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mappers?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mappers/)

Declarative mappers to domain entities.

**[Documentation](https://proofit404.github.io/mappers/) | [Source Code](https://github.com/proofit404/mappers) | [Task Tracker](https://github.com/proofit404/mappers/issues)**

- Entities are:
  - Single responsibility
  - Interface segregation
  - Testable
- Automated work with data stores.
- Prevent serialization process leak into entities.

<p align="center">&mdash; ⭐️ &mdash;</p>
<p align="center"><i>The mappers library is part of the SOLID python family.</i></p>

Commit message:

docs: asking questions on the task tracker

docs/index.md, after:

# Mappers

[![azure-devops-builds](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/build/proofit404/mappers/1?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/proofit404/mappers/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master)
[![azure-devops-coverage](https://img.shields.io/azure-devops/coverage/proofit404/mappers/1?style=flat-square)](https://dev.azure.com/proofit404/mappers/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master)
[![pypi](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/mappers?style=flat-square)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/mappers/)

Declarative mappers to domain entities.

**[Documentation](https://proofit404.github.io/mappers/) | [Source Code](https://github.com/proofit404/mappers) | [Task Tracker](https://github.com/proofit404/mappers/issues)**

## Pros

- Entities are:
  - Single responsibility
  - Interface segregation
  - Testable
- Automated work with data stores.
- Prevent serialization process leak into entities.

## Questions

If you have any questions, feel free to create an issue in our [Task Tracker](https://github.com/proofit404/mappers/issues). We have the [question label](https://github.com/proofit404/mappers/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aquestion) exactly for this purpose.

## License

Mappers library is offered under the two clause BSD license.

<p align="center">&mdash; ⭐️ &mdash;</p>
<p align="center"><i>The mappers library is part of the SOLID python family.</i></p>
